Regular Expressions
- Regular expressions, commonly known as regex, are a set of rules for identifying or matching strings.
-that regex use can lead to some performance issues with large data sets, so they should be used sparingly,
and optimized in cases where they are the best option.

- Common uses include searching string inputs from users.

practical uses for regex:
- validating a user email format in Flask
- recognizing url patterns in our Django apps.
-strings we build for comparison in regex are known as [patterns]
Some Characters have special meaning, the common ones are:

    .	Matches any character except a new line.
    \w 	Matches any letter or digit.
    +	The pattern before it can appear 1 or more times.
    *	The pattern can appear any number of times, including none.
    \d	matches any digit
    \s	matches any whitespace character, include spaces, newlines and tabs
    Note: as a rule, the same expression, but with a capital letter will match the opposite of that expression. 
        Ex: \W matches any non-alpha-numeric character.

*Note that in Python regexes are usually raw strings (like r"this", with an “r” at the start);
  tells Python to treat the string exactly as you entered it, rather than applying its normal substitutions
   (like changing “\n” to the new-line character.)

- re.search(pattern, string) is a function that scans a string for a specific regex pattern and
returns a match object.

    Common use to make this part of an if Statement:

                if re.search(r"a.*a"):
                  print("That string had at least two 'a's in it!")
                else:
                  print("No more than one 'a' found!")

  Simple Searching Assignment (Go to Simple_Searching.py)
  # All words that contain a “v”
  # All words that contain a double-“s”
  # All words that end with an “e”
  # All words that contain an “b”, any character, then another “b”
  # All words that contain an “b”, at least one character, then another “b”
  # All words that contain an “b”, any number of characters (including zero), then another “b”
  # All words that include all five vowels in order
  # All words that only use the letters in “regular expression” (each letter can appear any number of times)
  # All words that contain a double letter
